How the hell
did they lose our reservation?
Dad, you were married to Mom
for 30 years. What’s another
couple nights on a couch?
I’m gonna call for the cot,
and I’m gonna try to squeeze ’em
on that 9.95 Wi-Fi fee.
They’re selling air.
ClosetCon is the premier
North American trade show
for the closet industry.
I stopped going years ago
’cause it’s a trade show
for the closet industry.
Thank you.
[ Gasps ]
This schedule is incredible.
Dad, there’s a 10:45 session
on sustainable materials.
We have got to hit that.
Mmm, but it overlaps with the
11:00 a.m. panel on paneling.
[ Gasps ]
And a breakout session
on shoe storage.
Little advice:
The convention floor
is for suckers.
All work is done at the bar.
Unless Tony G. and Layla
are singing standards,
in which case, no work–
prepare to be entertained.
Dad, I came here to learn,
not sit in the bar and drink.
You do what you want.
I’m getting a scotch.
Well, I do need
to meet everybody.
Ooh, good. Breakfast.
Breakfast? Try lunch.
We wake up early
on the farm.
Sure do.
There’s our sleepy city mouse.
[ Imitates Mouse ]
Let’s get you
all squared away here.
Yeah, I got it.
Down here.
Down here?
I forgot how much work there was
to be done around here.
I’ve been mendin’ fence
all mornin’.
[ Country Accent ]
Been mendin’, have you?
[ Chuckles ]
Missouri. Misery. Huh.
What a pigsty, huh?
[ Laughs ]
Cute.
Daddy went to town. He’s gonna
be there till supper, so
I’m helpin’ Mama slop the pigs.
You wanna pitch in?
I don’t know. I just ate that
bacon, so how’s that gonna look?
Wanna ring the dinner bell,
lil bomber?
That’s actually really quaint.
Is it one of those
little triangles–
[ Shouting ]
Sooey!
Hoo!
[ Oinking ]
- Loudest call
in the tri-county area.
- [ Chuckles ]
Do it again!
No, sweetheart.
I think once was enough.
Sooey!
Wow! There’s actually
an animal that runs toward
that sound, huh?
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
Hey!
Hello, hello!
- Did you make the reservation?
- Yeah, 7:00.
[ Kissing Sounds ]
Fun family time with this little
newsie and a steak dinner?
Who says people at the closet
convention get all the fun?
No one.
No one says that.
I am telling you. The way
he looked at me when I came
to the door, it is so on.
Kind of seemed like
he was just delivering pizza,
and you were giving him money.
What are you guys talking about?
Chuck, the pizza guy
from last night.
He’s shy and thoughtful and
wears a Princeton sweatshirt.
Hardly Haley’s type.
Oh, my God. You love him.
What? No, I– How would you say
I love him? He’s been to
our house exactly three times.
That’s ridiculous, Haley.
Don’t even look at me.
This is so stupid. [ Scoffs ]
She loves him.
Hey, Manimal.
How was picture day?
You know what’s super helpful?
When the guy in line behind you
calls you Mt. Sweatmore.
I was trying to relax you.
Hey.
It was right in front of you–
Brad Pit Stains.
[ Groans ]
Come on, Luke.
It’s okay.
Whoa. New security system?
You can see the backyard,
the front door, the garage–
everywhere.
Yeah.
Can’t take any chances...
since Mom gave birth to
the Hope Diamond over there.
[ Gasps ]
There is a room
off the kitchen at Jay’s house
that’s always locked.
I try it every time I’m there.
I’ve spent countless hours
imagining that that room
is a house of treasure,
a palace of ceaseless wonder.
It’s real.
[ Gasps ]
Hello, old friend.
Would you look at that?
What? That’s coconuts!
[ Hushed ]
No!
- [ Luke ] Whoa. Is that–
- A replica of Apollo 13.
Look at the detail.
You can almost see
the astronauts drinking
teeny-tiny Tang.
Can I hold it?
No.
You have any idea
how valuable this is?
And your fingers are covered
in cheese dust.
[ Scoffs ]
There.
- No! Luke, wait!
- Hey guys, knock it off.
Whoa-ho!
[ Laughs ]
Don’t worry, Gloria.
I got it.
Dios mío.
Nobody panic!
This is a collector’s edition.
It’s 40 years old!
We’re gonna have to improvise.
Gloria, call the steak house
and cancel.
Um– Manny, find some glue.
Luke, let’s get these parts
into the garage.
I know this seems impossible,
but we can do this!
Hello, Houston’s?
We have a situation.
Hi. We’re with ClosetCon.
All access.
She doesn’t care.
You’re the only dope
wearing that here.
Give it to me.
No. I like it.
Hey, Joel!
Looking good, my friend.
Took a bath
on automated closets.
People aren’t ready for that.
Jay Pritchett!
Get your cute butt over here.
Who’s that?
An old friend.
I’m gonna go say hello.
Why don’t you get us
a couple drinks?
Yeah. I’ll do that.
Hi. Can I get a scotch
and a white wine?
Wow. Rowdy crowd, huh?
Trade shows. People get away
from their families,
get a little liquored up.
- Yeah, I get that.
- Let’s just say...
when the name tags go on,
the wedding rings come off.
I am not so on board
with that.
[ Chuckles ]
Hey there.
Classy.
[ Giggling ]
Oh, you look so good!
My mom was pretty self-involved,
and my dad traveled
a lot for work.
So yeah, I did wonder if–
You know?
Not that I could blame him.
My friend Alison’s mom
greeted her
every day after school...
with a big hug
and a giant smile.
And I always thought, "Yeah.
Wouldn’t mind a piece of that."
So are we doing this?
I’ll bring it to your room
this afternoon.
We have a little tradition
at ClosetCon for rookies,
which Claire is this year.
We take a skeleton.
We hide it in their closet.
They open the door and scream,
and we all have a good laugh.
Can’t take full credit
for the idea.
We stole it
from CabinetCon.
Hot cider!
Oh, yes!
Thank you, Barb.
Thank you so much.
It’s chilly.
Mmm.
Wow, that’s got a kick.
That’d be the rum.
Ah.
I can feel it warming up
your belly.
Eh, still in my mouth
and throat.
- Well, what’s that?
- Boy, it’s starting
to get nippy, huh?
You guys wanna walk down
to the duck pond?
That sounds lovely.
I’ll get the gun.
Are y’all comin’?
- Y’all?
We don’t say "y’all."
- Yeah, we do.
Well, yeah, we say it here,
but not normally.
Well, did you ever think
this is how I really talk,
and that I talk "different-like"
when I’m not here?
- Y’all fightin’?
- No, no, sweetie.
We’re just having a conversation
about how your daddy can be
so stuck up.
Cam, that’s really mature:
use our daughter to get
your little digs in.
I would never do that, sweetie.
You don’t think I notice
how condescending you are
when we come here?
You just set on the porch,
you roll your eyes,
don’t participate in anything.
And yeah, I said "set."
But that’s how we talk here.
I’m from this place.
I’m proud of this place.
And it hurts me that
the man I love just thinks
it’s some big joke.
Come on, sweetie.
Lord-a-mercy.
[ Groans ]
I’m starving. What are
we gonna do about dinner?
I checked with Dad,
and I ordered a couple
pizzas from Theo’s.
I knew it!
You’re stalking my pizza guy!
He is not into you, okay?
Does he call you
Brown Eyes and give you
extra mozzarella sticks?
Okay. That’s it, you two.
You cannot fight over men
like it’s jewelry or shoes.
If you’re both interested,
no one makes a move.
Sisters before misters!
- Stalker!
- Trollop.
Ha, ha. Don’t know
what it means.
[ Whirring ]
Ow! What did you do?
- Nothing!
- Yes, you did!
You turned it on, and now
the propeller’s all tangled up.
- Why would I do that?
- ’Cause my pizza guy
is coming,
and now I have airplane
in my hair!
I swear I didn’t, Haley.
Okay. I’ll get it out.
[ Whirring ]
Oh, my God. Ow!
- What is happening?
- I don’t know!
- [ Shouting Continues ]
- Oh! You find a little toy?
Hey. Was that Aunt Marge
just tearin’ down the driveway?
Yes, and she dropped off
a little present.
Is that my Cam-Cam?
- Gram-Gram!
- Oh, you.
There have been some
storm warnings, so Marge thought
she’d be safer over here.
But she dropped her off so fast
that we didn’t even have
a chance to straighten up.
Oh.
We never told Gram
about the gay.
You know, after they reach
a certain age,
you worry that it could be
the thing that sends ’em
over the edge.
And she’s been on the edge
for a long time.
We’re actually on deathbed
number two.
Mitchell!
Mitchell.
Okay.
What-What’s this?
This is me ready to slop,
bale or milk somethin’.
You don’t need to do that.
No, I–
Cam, I know. I know.
I gave you hell
for being who you really are,
and I wanna make that up to you.
But you know what?
Putting on my sister’s Sunday
overalls is gesture enough.
What’s this?
Oh, it’s my chewin’ straw.
It’s not straw.
Oh, it’s just show.
For show!
Wait. Come on.
You love the man,
you love the world
he comes from.
But you know what–
I don’t know if it’s these
farmin’ clothes or what,
but I am feeling so close
to you right now.
That’s so sweet.
Gimme a kiss.
No, not right now.
Well, don’t make me
wrassle you down.
[ Giggles ]
Stop.
Who’s this?
Oh, dear.
Uh– Well, Grams, this is Bud,
our new farmhand.
Bud?
Yeah.
Bud’s a little simpleminded
on account of gettin’
mule kicked.
"Idn’t" he?
And you know the rules
on bein’ in the house, Bud.
Now go on outside.
We’re gonna milk the cows
in a few minutes.
Get on out there.
Have a treat afterwards.
- Here’s what we’ve got
to work with.
- Nicely done.
I’ve got Florida on the line.
Dad, I’m flying you in.
You’re the model expert.
What are we looking at, Son?
Holy Moses. More like
Apollo 1300 pieces!
Oof. In space, I guess no one
can hear you be hilarious.
- I need you to focus.
- If Jay sees this–
I know.
Dad, you got three good men
here depending on you.
Say no more.
I’m gonna tap a button now...
that’s either gonna make you
larger on my screen or–
We’ve lost Florida.
Yeah. Bring the skeleton up now.
I just got to the room.
[ Phone Beeps ]
Hey, Dad.
Hey, honey.
I thought we were meeting
at the restaurant.
Well, the lecture got done
a little early, and I was kind
of the star of the evening.
I got a huge laugh
when I coined the phrase
"shelf-esteem." Huh?
Yeah?
Okay, I’ll text it to Phil.
Why don’t you go
down to the lobby?
You’ll get a stronger signal.
Oh. Hello.
Rita.
This is my daughter, Claire.
Hi.
Claire, this is Rita.
Your dad and I
go way back.
First time we met,
I told him he needed a course
in hanger management.
[ Laughing ]
It’s still funny.
Seriously?
Her husband’s
in the garment business.
He made me a suit.
I make the closets,
and he fills ’em.
Match made in heaven.
Honey, they’re kind of sticklers
at that restaurant.
Why don’t you grab our table?
I’ll put this in the room.
Uh, okay. Will do.
Um, really nice to meet you.
See you downstairs.
I actually am gonna
take the stairs.
That elevator’s slow.
[ Door Closes ]
Hey, was it just me,
or was she lookin’ at me weird?
I did kind of sense that.
You don’t think she knows
about our deal?
How could she?
It was 20 years ago.
And I never told anyone.
[ Lock Beeps ]
[ Door Opens, Closes ]
Would she even care?
That I tried to get rid of
the man she ended up marrying?
Well, it’s not like you
took a hit out on him.
You had me offer him a job
in the greatest state
in the union.
Okay, Tex.
If I never said anything,
how could she know?
You’re not the first one
I approached. You’re just
the first one who said yes.
[ Door Closes ]
[ Groans ]
I’m done.
I am done.
Come on. Please. Just be Bud.
For a couple days.
You can do some chores.
Maybe I can berate you a bit
to really sell it.
Do you hear
how insane you sound?
Chores?
[ Storm Siren Wailing ]
You know what? Deal with your
grandmother however you want.
Lily and I will just
go get a hotel room.
No, you can’t.
Fine. Motel. Silo.
Whatever you got around here.
No, that alarm means
there’s a tornado coming
right now.
God. Well, where’s Lily?
[ Gasps ] I hope she’s not
still out in the field.
[ Shouting ]
Lily!
You can’t just call her
like a pig.
Lily!
This is just a farm thing,
not, like, a mall thing.
What’s that, city voice?
Mmm?
Just go.
This is really
in there good.
Get her off of me!
I’m getting dumb
through osmosis.
- I don’t have osmosis.
- [ Doorbell Rings ]
Oh, great.
Chuck’s here with the pizza.
Gloria,
can you please get it?
No.
You two be nice to each other
and figure it out.
[ Both ]
Ow! Ow!
Oh, hey, Chuck.
I didn’t think
you’d be working tonight.
- Hey. What are you doing here?
- Oh, this is
my grandfather’s house.
There’s a pool. Do you swim?
You look like you swim.
[ Bangs Head ]
[ Groans ]
I do.
Oh, thanks.
- Oh.
- [ Whimpers ]
- You okay?
- Oh, yeah. Totally.
Just a cramp.
I work out. One second.
You little–
Dude. Shut up.
- Hey, you!
- Hey, Brown Eyes.
- [ Giggling ]
Ow!
- Uh–
- Here. All right.
- Okay, cool. Thanks. Bye!
Bye!
[ Alex ]
No! Shut the door!
[ Wind Blowing ]
[ Cameron ]
Don’t be nervous, honey.
There’s nothing to be scared of.
Take it easy, Mama.
Don’t break a hip.
[ Mitchell ] I am telling you.
I am not pretending to be
something I’m not, especially
in front of our daughter.
Oh, so I can’t kiss you in
front of your dad for six years?
And you can’t give me two days?
We’re saving an old lady
some unnecessary upset.
Why don’t you give her
a little credit? She might be
more open-minded than you think.
Well, you’re a cute little
Chinese thing.
Actually, Grams,
she’s, uh, from Vietnam.
And her name’s Lily.
Dad, how long do I have
to stay down here?
Dad?
Okay. Well, I guess
there’s no way around this.
[ Country Accent ]
Actually, ma’am,
she’s my kin.
So you got
a Chinese wife, Bud?
No, I-I went to Vietnam,
and I did myself some adoptin’.
And now I’m raisin’ her,
all by my lonesome.
Well, I never thought
I’d live long enough
to see that!
None of us did.
But I guess there’s nothing
more important than family,
no matter how they come.
Well, that is mighty
open-minded of you.
Some folks
’round these parts...
don’t share that progressive–
I say, progressive–
sensibility.
[ Grams ]
To each his own.
But I do wish I had another
little one like that to spoil.
What if I told you
you did have a great-grandbaby?
What?
Cam.
It’s okay, Mama.
What if I told you
I was in love,
and that I’ve never been
happier in my entire life,
and that I’m about
to get married?
I can’t think
of anything better!
And what if I told you
the love of my life...
is this man
standing right here?
[ Sighs ]
Then I’d know
why God sent us this tornado.
[ Clicks Tongue ]
After the initial shock,
Grams softened a bit.
She even agreed
to attend the wedding.
Standing outside
with a sign.
Baby steps, Mitchell.
Baby steps.
And... our antenna is...
reattached!
Yes! Ha!
Oh, this is useless.
Hey! I don’t wanna hear
talk like that.
If you want inspiration,
think about Apollo 13.
Jay didn’t give up
when he first put together
this model.
It was hard and complicated,
and back then the print
on the instructions was tiny,
but he persevered.
Also, the astronauts
on the actual Apollo 13
didn’t give up...
when their actual lives
were in danger.
Them too, but they had a lot of
other people helping them out.
We’re on our own here.
Okay, I figured out
what we need to reattach
that damn landing module.
Glue won’t work.
We need a very thin filament,
thinner than thread.
I know what would work.
Well, I need
to go check on something.
I told my date
I’d be back in a jiff.
Back in a jiff.
Nothing to do but wait.
Why are we making
ourselves crazy, Phil?
I don’t know.
I just hate
disappointing Jay so much.
He is not
an easy guy to please.
I know. But when you do,
it’s pretty sweet, ain’t it?
Sure is.
You’re lucky
to have a dad like that.
Hard not to be hurt
by that, Son.
How have I never noticed
how loud you breathe?
Aw, don’t beat yourself up.
That’d require you to notice
something that isn’t about you.
Oh, my God.
You are such a loser!
Okay! That’s it!
I cannot listen
to this anymore!
I’m going to cut you two
out of that plane.
[ Scissors Snipping ]
- [ Both Screaming ]
- Too late!
- Okay, okay! Just cut mine.
- Yeah, cut hers.
- Wait, why?
- No one cares
what I look like anyway.
- You don’t really think that.
- Yeah, well, kind of.
You didn’t see the way
that Chuck was looking at you?
Wait. You actually think
I’m a threat?
I’m not gonna say that
out loud.
Aw, that’s so sweet.
Well, if I ever had a boyfriend,
I wouldn’t trust him with you
for five seconds.
Aw!
Okay, let’s finish this job–
Gloria, no!
Wait!
There you go.
That’s it.
That was easy.
Why did you wait
an hour to do this?
Why did you wait 15 years
to do that?
At least this way,
nothing bad happened
to anyone’s pretty hair.
[ Hair Snaps ]
¡Ay!
Oh, honey.
I didn’t hear you come in.
Mmm.
How was the rest
of your night?
Let’s see. After you bailed
on me, Mark from Closetopia
yakked my ear off...
and then told me
I looked like Heidi Klum, which
is such an obvious come-on.
- Mark’s gay.
- Well, in that case,
my night stank.
And I didn’t bail.
I know a lot of people here.
- They pulled me away.
- Hmm.
Hey, these robes are terrific.
You know, there’s one for you
in the closet.
- You oughta put it on.
- I don’t want a robe.
Dad, were you
avoiding me tonight?
Why would I avoid you?
Trust me. Soft, like butter.
Right in there.
Don’t make me ask.
What are you talking about?
You and Rita, 20 years ago.
It’s okay, I know.
- Aw, geez.
- I get it. Things happen.
- Really?
- It was a long time ago.
Well, I appreciate it.
I just wanna say,
I’m not proud of it.
If I had known him then
like I know him now,
I never would’ve tried
to get rid of Phil.
Good night.
Get rid of Phil?
What are you talking about?
- What are you talking about?
- You and Rita had an affair.
No, we didn’t. That’s crazy!
Well, okay. Good night.
- Get rid of Phil–
What does that even mean?
- Doesn’t mean anything.
You had just started dating.
You know I was never hot
on the guy.
I told Rita to offer him
a sales job in Texas.
I remember that, but that wasn’t
when we were dating.
We were engaged.
Doesn’t matter.
Phil didn’t take the job
anyway.
If anything, my little test
proved how much
he loved you.
You’re welcome.
We’ll talk in the morning.
How dare you?
"You’re welcome." Please!
I can’t even be
in the same room with you.
- Where is my coat?
- Uh, Claire?
Oh, unbelievable.
"I don’t like my son-in-law,
so I’m gonna
ship him off to Texas."
- Real mature way to deal
with your problems, Dad.
- I get that point.
Yeah, real mature.
That’s real mature too.
That’s tradition.
It’s the skeleton–
In the closet!
Oh, I get it.
I’m really sorry.
But before you go storming
out of here,
you wanna talk about a certain
phone call I got from
Immigration a few years ago?
I’d just started dating Gloria.
They were acting
on an anonymous tip?
It’s very late.
We have a very big day tomorrow.
You know, Claire,
I’ve really come
to like Phil.
I know.
And the irony is,
he would really love
that skeleton gag.
Try it out on him.
You gotta take care
of that thing till next year.
Oh, God.
Before you turn that out,
have we talked
about everything we need to?
’Cause I want everything
out in the clear here.
- Yeah. We have.
- Good night.
[ Clears Throat ]
[ Sighs ]
I did make out with Rita once,
about 15 years ago. Good night.
[ Groans ]
Okay.
All that’s left...
is to reattach the lander
to the command module.
We got one shot at this, fellas.
If we fail, Jay’s gonna burn up
on reentry into this house.
Am I right?
- Ha! Hole in one, Son.
- Thanks, Dad.
Boys, if this thing goes
sideways, I don’t want you
to be here to see it. So go on.
But, Dad–
No, you listen to me!
Okay, Phil.
Okay, Philip.
Steady.
He’s locked in.
[ Praying In Spanish ]
Not now, nerves.
Hold. Hold.
Be a hero.
Bring her home.
[ Woman ]
I guess I’ll call a cab.
So long, Jeanine.
[ Phil ]
Is it? Is–
It is!
Splashdown!
Whoo!
[ Laughs ]
[ All Screaming ]
¡Ay, sí, gracias!
Son of a bitch did it.
Oh, yeah!
Yeah!
Gloria, get in here!
There we go!
Dad, you did it!
Yes, I did!
I love it!
[ Chanting ]
I love it! I love it!
[ Gasps ]
Oh, my God.
[ Calling ]
Phil, honey!
Come to bed!
This robe feels like butter.
Yeah!
I missed this, honey.
That yoga’s
really paying off!
Hey, whoa,
slow down, baby.
You can’t gun a cold engine.
[ Screams ]
But if you’re–
Then who’s–
- When did you know?
- When it didn’t complain
about my socks.
[ Sighs ]
You checked the closet,
didn’t you?
Every night before bed.
I really don’t understand that.
It’s so silly.
I mean, if somebody really
wanted to kill you,
obviously they’d just hide
under the bed.
Good night.
Damn it.